In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Welcome to my secret lair!
I may be a superhero,
but I'm always happy to share
my thrilling life with all my fans!
Like today, Ladybug showed up
to ask me for advice.
I admire Queen Bee so much!
She's shown me what being
a superhero is all about
and always fixes the messes
Cat Noir and I get into!
Oh, please, you would do the same for me.
Come on! Like you'd ever cause a mess!
You're right! Ha, ha, ha!
-Ha, ha, ha!
-Hey! That's not Ladybug!
That's you, Chloé!
-Of course that's the real Ladybug!
-But, Chloé, could you tell me
why you chose to do an assignment about
yourself... I mean, about Queen Bee?
Our assignment was to choose
an important person in French history!
And I actually saved France!
Even Ladybug says so!
Queen Bee really makes us stronger!
She truly is miraculous!
Chloé, it's so obvious
that's you dressed up as Ladybug!
You didn't even bother
to match her hair colour!
She just dyed her hair blonde
to look like me!
[laughter]
Urgh! You're all a bunch of losers!
Except you, Adri-kins!
None of you deserve to see
the rest of my documentary!
-Oh, what a shame!
-Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
I saw you laughing with the other idiots!
You're fired!
[wails] I've betrayed my best friend!
How could you not laugh, Sabrina?
The whole superhero sitch
has totally gone to her head.
You're the one who paralysed
the metro driver.
You created this situation.
She wasn't the hero!
It was Cat Noir and Ladybug!
She had superpowers for five minutes
and went totally outta control!
We might not deserve
to see your documentary,
-but you're no superhero!
-What?
You will pay for your insulting remarks,
Dupain-Cheng!
-Calm down now, students!
-This is ridiculous!
Chloé, class isn't over!
You're all ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
Seriously? She'll never change.
By the power vested in me,
I now pronounce you husband and wife.
-Oh, good, you're married! Now get out!
-Shoo!
What in the world is going on,
my sweetie pie?
-I demand you close the school down!
-And I want you to banish
Marinette Dupain-Cheng from Paris!
She hurt your little girl's feelings!
She got the whole class to gang up on me!
They all have to pay!
But I just can't! I mean,
I could close the school for a few days,
a week at most.
-Not good enough!
-Shut it down forever!
Ugh! But that's impossible!
I love you, but you're asking
too much of me this time.
-I'm only the mayor.
-Precisely!
What's the use of this stupid sash
if you can't use power?
-This is ridiculous!
-Utterly ridiculous!
You've always been too good
for your classmates.
-Maybe you should switch schools!
-Argh!
Change schools? Ugh! Forget it.
We need to change cities, that's what!
We'll go to New York!
But... wait!
-Don't forget my Toboulin stilettos.
-Of course, Miss.
I can't be the mayor of Paris
if we're living in New York! It's too far!
Why don't we go and live in Versailles,
instead?
It won't make any difference,
since you're so powerless anyway!
Not only are you incapable of solving
a problem for your daughter,
you're also refusing to come with us?
No! Not at all! I... I... Ah!
Look at this, my sweetie. It's for you!
-What is it? It's tiny!
-Yes, but very expensive!
It's a diamond-encrusted phone case.
-Are you sure you don't want to stay?
-I don't want that thing!
What kind of Daddy are you
if you can't even get me what I want?
But... What more can I do?
A man of power
feeling helpless as a father.
I sense very strong
negative emotions from him.
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise him!
No!
[sobbing]
Malediktator, I am Hawk Moth.
Your wife and daughter
think you're weak and useless?
Well, I shall give you absolute power.
Anything you declare will happen!
By the power vested in me,
I shall prevail as Malediktator!
[laughter]
Hey, there, losers!
I'm headed to New York, with my mom!
I'm leaving you all behind
in your pathetic school
and your pathetic little city! Adieu!
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
-Chloé's leaving?
-Forever?
-Looks like it.
-Yeah.
[cheering and laughter]
Without Chloé around, Paris will be filled
with a lot less negative emotion.
And less akumatizations!
Hey, what's going on here?
What are we celebrating?
Chloé's gone! She's moving to New York!
-Chloé left... for good?
-Yeah! Isn't it great?
Uh... no. I think it's terrible!
How can you celebrate a thing like that?
But Chloé's a total brat to everyone!
She was useless anyway!
Nobody's "useless"! Not even Chloé.
When I was little and wasn't allowed out,
she was my only friend.
Oh... well, uh... Shoot!
She left angry and unhappy.
-I can't celebrate that.
-Uh...
I'm really sorry, Adrien.
By the power vested in me,
I order you to land!
Ah! Huh?
-This is not the airport!
-Chloé, my daughter!
You are not leaving for New York!
-Daddy?
-You'll see.
I have the power to shut down the school
and banish all those nasty students
who were mean to you!
-Come with me!
-Really?
But... that's... excellent!
André, getting yourself akumatised
like everybody else in town
does not make you a "cool"
or "hip" father! In fact--
By the power vested in me, I declare
you will be devoted to this family,
and remain in Paris with me and Chloé!
Oh, yes! My dear hubby!
I'm so happy to stay here!
Ew! Just when I thought
things were working out! Ugh!
How would Ladybug
get out of this ridiculous situation?
Well done, Chloé! Now you just have to--
[sniffs] Ew! What a stench!
Come on, you're a hero! You can do this!
Chloé, sweetie, why don't you come... ?
[gasps]
-Where did she go?
-Don't worry. I'm sure we'll find her.
Malediktator,
if you want to find your daughter,
you must first cause chaos in Paris!
Start with the school.
She'll come back of her own accord.
Good idea! Let's go show
those little savages what they get
for showing my daughter such disrespect!
Yeah!
Come on, girl! Just 'cause Adrien's bummed
out doesn't mean you have to be too!
Yeah, but I think
I was a bit harsh on her earlier.
What if Adrien's right
and Chloé isn't just a brat?
What else could she possibly be?
A super brat, maybe.
By the powers vested in me,
I declare this school a demolition site!
Come on, students! Let's wreck this place!
Right, now,
where's that girl Marinette Dupain-Cheng?
I've got a special declaration
just for her!
Looks like Chloé managed
one last victim before she left Paris.
Yeah, and I might be partly to blame.
Tikki, spots on!
Yeah!
Where is that Marinette?
Hey, you! Do you have
a demolition permit for this school?
I don't need a permit! I am Malediktator,
the all-powerful super mayor of Paris
and this is my city!
Paris is our city! It belongs to everyone!
By the power vested in me, I declare
that your Miraculous are my property!
It's time we impeach him
and declare him powerless!
The akuma has to be in his sash.
Lucky charm!
An abacus?
While you figure that out,
I'll take care of Malediktator!
-Of course! Cat Noir, wait!
-Cata--
By the power invested in me,
I declare that you are a cat!
-Meow!
-Oh, no!
-Oh, what a cutie-pie! Kitty-kitty!
-Take Cat Noir's Miraculous!
[hisses]
Cat Noir!
Kitty still has claws!
Hold on, Cat Noir, I'll be right back!
Let her go. She'll be back to try and save
her kitty, except she'll be too late!
Grab Cat Noir's Miraculous!
Oh, please, Malediktator-kins,
can't we keep him just a little longer?
[sighs] If it makes you happy.
Don't let me down, Malediktator,
or I'll take away your powers!
He's completely harmless now.
Taking his Miraculous would be
like taking candy from a baby!
-Six hundred fifty!
-Master Fu!
A villain has transformed
Cat Noir into a cat!
What? Perhaps you shouldn't have left him
by himself. He's at Hawk Moth's mercy!
-I know! But the lucky charm led me here!
-Hmm. And the lucky charm never fails!
Marinette Dupain-Cheng,
pick an ally you can trust
to fight on this mission.
Choose wisely. Such powers are meant
to serve the greater good.
Once the mission is over,
retrieve the Miraculous.
I must choose someone
not impressed by people in power,
who can help me trap Malediktator.
Oh! Of course! That's it!
Wait. What am I thinking?
Follow your instincts, Marinette.
Are you sure you want to
give it back to her?
Don't worry, Master, I know
how to make good use of it this time!
-Hello... uh...
-Where is your daughter?
-Would you like to place an order?
-By the power vested in me,
I declare that Marinette Dupain-Cheng's
parents will leave Paris forever!
I've got to find Chloé
before Malediktator!
-Marinette! Look!
-Huh? What are they doing?
Hide, Tikki!
-Mom! Dad!
-Ah, Marinette!
A man named Malediktator
was looking for you!
Thanks to him,
we're leaving Paris forever!
Come with us, honey!
Last one there is a big slow snail!
Your poor parents! We really have to
stop Malediktator, Marinette!
I know. But I've got to find Chloé first.
I can't do this alone!
She talked about her "secret lair,"
in her documentary.
Hmm. Wait a minute...
Huh! I know where her lair is!
Chloé! Where are you, sweetie?
I've done almost everything
you wanted me to do!
Huh? So you can stay here
with Mummy and Daddy!
Come on, Chloé.
You don't want to upset me, do you?
My patience has its limits, Chloé!
Don't make me show all of Paris
just how powerful I can be!
-We can't find her, Malediktator.
-Well, keep looking!
She must be hiding here somewhere!
Call me as soon as you find her!
Of course.
-Are you OK?
-Ladybug, finally!
-You'll help me, right?
-I'm fine with helping you,
but first,
I need you to tell me what happened.
Why is your father,
I mean, Malediktator, so mad?
It's 'cause of this super lame loser
named Marinette Dupain-Cheng!
She's this horrible girl and she hates me!
She's ganged everyone up against me--
Maybe this Marinette girl
isn't entirely to blame?
Uh... Oh, OK,
it wasn't totally Marinette's fault.
She is really mean to me sometimes,
but this time...
-Daddy got angry all by himself.
-All by himself?
Yeah, because there was something
he couldn't do.
Chloé, it's me, Ladybug.
You can trust me.
You can tell me the truth.
-I... I...
-Mmm-hmm?
It... It was me.
I hurt my daddy's feelings,
because I want to leave Paris forever.
Because of what happened in school?
I'm sure Marinette
didn't exactly mean what she said.
Oh, it's not just her.
Actually, I don't even care about her.
It's because I have no reason to be here!
Nobody likes me. I have no friends.
I'm useless!
A friend once told me nobody's useless,
Chloé.
It's easy for you to say that.
You're Ladybug, a superhero.
You serve a purpose.
Yes, I can fix up all the messes.
You said it yourself in your documentary!
You saw it? Oh, I'm so embarrassed!
That film's ridiculous,
utterly ridiculous! I realise that now!
Don't worry, Chloé. You can fix
your own messes, if that's what you want.
You too can serve a purpose.
But you have to want to.
I do want to!
Chloé Bourgeois,
here is the bee Miraculous,
which grants you the power
to immobilise your opponent.
You will use it for the greater good.
At your service, my queen.
Once the job is complete,
you'll return the Miraculous to me.
Can I trust you, Chloé?
I won't disappoint you this time, Ladybug.
Pollen, buzz on!
I've always dreamed
of doing this with you!
We must work as a team,
all right, Queen Bee?
Yes, yes, don't worry.
I've been practising since forever!
Mr Mayor... I mean, Malediktator...
you are surrounded!
Please, renounce your akuma
and we'll forget this ever happened!
Oh! Would you like some tea?
It's OK,
they've got more important things to do.
By the power vested in me,
I declare that you are my shield!
None shall pass, Malediktator!
-Here's the plan...
-Here I am, Daddy!
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings!
Stop all this nonsense at once!
My honey pie!
You look so pretty in that suit!
Ugh! And please put Mom back to normal.
I can't bear to see her like this!
Your powers are ridiculous,
utterly ridiculous!
That's enough! Now, you're going to do
what I tell you to do!
By the power vested in me,
give me your Miraculous!
You won't pull it off!
People only respect absolute power!
You're right, Hawk Moth!
By the power vested in me,
I declare you all my slaves!
That bubble will be a tough one to dodge!
He's gonna take over the whole city!
You need to get past his guards!
Lucky charm!
That's an effective lucky charm!
-No way I'd use one of those!
-Are you sure?
Yeah, you just need to take the sting out!
Venom!
Focus on Malediktator.
I'll deal with the guards!
[evil laugh]
Meow, meow, meow.
-Huh?
-Meow.
No, no, no!
But... but...
Sorry, Daddy!
Your turn, Ladybug!
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise.
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Miraculous Ladybug!
What? What are we doing here?
What have you done this time, André?
Ah, bummer!
Don't tell me I missed out on the party.
Yup. You missed Queen Bee
and Ladybug saving Paris!
-For real, this time!
-I understand, Ladybug. Buzz off.
Being a superhero
isn't only about fixing messes.
Pound it!
-Utterly ridiculous!
-Daddy! Mummy! Come on, let's go home.
Sorry, Milady, I feel like I was
pretty useless this time around!
Actually, you were key
in defeating Malediktator!
-Really? Tell me all about it!
-Next time! Bug out!
You took a big risk entrusting
this Miraculous to Chloé Bourgeois.
Do you really think she's got
what it takes to be a superhero?
Yes, I do.
Ladybug has made me a better Marinette.
So, perhaps being Queen Bee
will make her a better Chloé, too!
That's very noble of you, Marinette.
It's OK, Jean-Yves. I'll take care of it.
Mademoiselle, are you sure?
Yes. I need to do it myself.
-Chloé?
-Dupain-Cheng?
All right, I came to your stupid party,
now what?
Look there. We're having a party
in honour of the girl who saved Paris,
Queen Bee!
But... Queen Bee is me.
You're... you're having a party for me?
Chloé! I thought I'd lost you!
OK, no need to make a big thing of it!
Besides you're wrinkling my clothes!
Sorry!
All right, all right. Let me go.
I wanna show you
the diamond phone case Daddy gave me!
Your daddy wouldn't be able
to buy you one of these.
It was cool of you
to throw a party for Chloé.
Well, she did save Paris, so she just
might be able to save herself too, right?
Rena Rouge and Carapace helped Ladybug
save Paris, but nobody threw them a party.
Because we don't know
their true identities, unlike Chloé.
If she feels like she can be useful,
I'm sure she'll change her attitude!
-Mmm-hmm?
-Well, baby steps, baby steps.